{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Light;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgray\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c84314;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c54902;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh14080\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Kinbaku Chair
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
Type: Personal Project (not part of the curriculum)\
Year: 2019\
Duration: 5 weeks\
\
I used this personal project to explore some themes that I haven\'92t had the opportunity to explore during the regular curriculum and my internships. This chair is an exploration into intimacy and how you can influence the relationship we have towards objects. The name \'93Kinbaku\'94 refers to a form of Japanese bondage where you tie another person up using aesthetically pleasing patterns. This sensual and connective act creates an intimate bond between the kinbakushi and the person getting tied up.\
\
The chair is an intimate object in of itself. I chose it as the subject for my exploration as the \'93tying up\'94 of the chair could be both a functional and emotional aspect of the design. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Functional
\f1\b0 \
The chair can be flat-packed for easy transport and requires no fasteners to be assembled. Less integrated materials allow for better reusability and recyclability.\
\

\f0\b Emotional
\f1\b0 \
The proces of tying up the chair creates an intimate moment between you and the chair. You get to see and touch every nook and cranny. Constructing the chair this way gives you an understanding of how the chair \'93works\'94. You are in control. \
\

\f0\b Perversion
\f1\b0 \
Creating a strong emotional bond with objects can be seen as quite perverse. But maybe it is a good thing in todays throwaway society. Living with fewer things, but ones that we truly understand and connect with, might be a path to a more sustainable future.}